[Music]
who doesn't dream about long fluttering
eyelashes to achieve this result you can
buy pricey cosmetic products expensive
mascara or false lashes you can even
resort to eyelash extensions
but before wasting tons of money why
don't you try these cheap and effective
ways to make your eyelashes thick and
beautiful in just one month one combing
such a mundane activity as brushing your
eyelashes can seriously improve their
help the process of combing makes the
blood flow toward your eyelashes as a
result it stimulates the eyelashes and
they start to grow longer besides
brushing your eyelashes will remove all
the debris and dusts that accumulate on
them to comb your eyelashes you can buy
a special eyebrow brush or use a
thoroughly washed old mascara brush if
you add several drops of vitamin E to
the brush the result will be even more
prominent gently comb your eyelashes for
5 minutes twice a day you should start
from the roots and move the brush toward
the tips of your lashes to natural
essential oils natural oils coconut
olive almond Argand jojoba castor and so
on contain nourishing fatty acids they
provide the follicles of your eyelashes
with necessary nutrition thus keeping
them happy and healthy on top of that
essential oils are rich in antioxidants
which are crucial if you want to have
fast lash growth you'll need several
drops of castor oil olive oil or any of
the other oils I mentioned before mix it
with one drop of rosemary lavender grape
seed or tea tree oil you can use a clean
eyebrow or mascara brush or even your
finger spread the mix of the essential
oils onto your eyelashes before you go
to bed and leave it overnight remember
to do this procedure every evening if
you want to achieve your goal as soon as
possible
3 petroleum jelly if you don't have any
essential oils at hand petroleum jelly
Vaseline will do the job this substance
moisturizes and soothes brittle dry
lashes
it also helps them become thicker and
grow longer on top of that by applying
petroleum jelly to your eyelashes you
moisturize your eyelids as well as a
result your skin stays supple and soft
however it's essential for your health
to do this procedure correctly first of
all apply a generous amount of petroleum
jelly to your brush and then it
carefully brush your upper lashes be
careful not to get any petroleum jelly
in your eyes after doing this you can
spread the leftovers onto your eyelid if
your skin is sensitive it may cause an
unwanted reaction so apply a bit of
petroleum jelly to the back of your hand
in advance and check your skin for
redness a bit later after tending to
your upper lashes dip your brush in the
petroleum jelly again and apply it to
your lower lashes if you make a habit of
doing this procedure every evening
before going to bed your eyelashes will
get enough moisture to not fall out or
break off prematurely for a healthy and
balanced diet if you starve yourself or
on the contrary love junk food a little
too much you won't be able to keep your
eyelashes healthy a lack of vitamins
will most likely lead to hair loss and
weak breakable lashes that is why you
should eat more products containing
protein lean meat poultry eggs cheese
milk and fish for example healthy fats
are also very important for your health
the primary sources of such fats are
seeds almonds avocados and olive oil eat
more leafy vegetables kale cauliflower
peas broccoli tomatoes and Brussels
sprouts and don't forget about fruits
they're a great source of vitamins pay
particular attention to guavas citrus
fruits apples blueberries strawberries
and cranberries 5 green tea there are
tons of antioxidants in green tea these
antioxidants as well as vitamins
encourage lash growth and help your
eyelashes become thicker and longer
after all green tea is the main
component in lots of cosmetic products
for hair loss treatment first of all
brew a cup of green tea let it cool down
and use a cotton pad to apply it to your
eyelashes you should do this procedure
once or twice
today if you do it in the evening you
can leave the green tea on your
eyelashes overnight if you haven't used
all the tea pour it into an airtight
container and leave it in the fridge you
can use this concoction for 3 to 4 days
6 aloe vera both the juice and flesh of
aloe vera are excellent for hair
nourishment and health and if it's good
for your hair it will also strengthen
your eyelashes to prepare an aloe
treatment for your lashes find a fresh
aloe leaf and squeeze it to get a few
drops of juice use a brush or your
fingertips to apply this juice to your
eyelashes and let it sit there overnight
if you want to get a stronger effect
take one tablespoon of aloe vera juice
and mix it with one tablespoon of olive
or castor oil put this concoction on
your lashes with the help of an old
mascara brush wait for 15 minutes before
rinsing your eyelashes off with cool or
warm water it's best to do this
procedure twice a day 7 massage this is
a simple and effective way to improve
your eyelash nutrition as well as to
stimulate their growth first of all wash
your hands with soap
then pour several drops of coconut or
olive oil onto your fingertips wait a
bit to let the oil warm up after that
massage your eyelashes and eyelids for 3
to 5 minutes be very careful not to pull
on your eyelashes or press too hard try
to do this procedure at least twice a
week 8 egg masks egg whites are rich not
only in protein but also in B group
vitamins and biotin these elements help
to make your hair and eyelashes stronger
and prevent hair loss break a fresh egg
and mix it's light with one tablespoon
of petroleum jelly or glycerin use a
brush or cotton swab to cover your
eyelashes with this mixture for the best
results repeat this procedure several
times a week for a couple of months it's
crucial to mix the egg whites with
glycerin or petroleum jelly because
otherwise your eyelashes may become
brittle and weak also try to prevent the
concoction getting into your eyes
nine cleansing if you leave mascara on
your eyelashes when you go to bed if you
can seriously harm them it's almost the
same as leaving hairspray on your hair
for the whole night as soon as your
eyelashes touch the pillow they will
become broken or damaged that's why you
should always take time when removing
your makeup in the evening you can use
special makeup removers or good old
olive oil which is a perfect cleanser
ten makeup breaks every now and then go
for makeup breaks the problem is that
some mascara
such as let's say waterproof ones have
particular components that make lashes
dry and fragile let your eyelashes rest
from several layers of mascara once or
twice a week
in addition get rid of your mascara
every three to six months and buy a new
one it will help you to avoid eye
infections 11 finally here are several
more useful tips be careful not to pull
on your eyelashes you can accidentally
do this while curling them unfortunately
eyelash roots aren't very long and they
can easily fall out no treatment can
provide you with instant results you
will need to wait two or three weeks to
notice the first positive changes this
peculiarity is connected with eyelash
growth phases the average person loses
four eyelashes a day if you've noticed
that you lose more than that visit your
doctor to check your thyroid gland if
you follow these recommendations you'll
notice that your eyelashes have become
visibly longer and thicker in a month on
top of that they will also get stronger
and won't fall out as much do you know
any other ways to make your eyelashes
more beautiful if so share your
experience in the comments section below
remember to give this video a like show
it to your friends who have problems
with their eyelashes and subscribe to
this channel this way you'll always stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]
you